com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/preference/LivePreviewPreferenceFragment.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.preference.LivePreviewPreferenceFragment
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/CoordsArray.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.CoordsArray
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/VisionImageProcessor.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.VisionImageProcessor
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/PushUpsCountInterface.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PushUpsCountInterface
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/FrameMetadata.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.FrameMetadata
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.FrameMetadata$1
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.FrameMetadata$Builder
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/Util.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.Util
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/CameraImageGraphic.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraImageGraphic
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/PoseComparison.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PoseComparison
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/ScopedExecutor.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.ScopedExecutor
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/CameraSource.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSource
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSource$1
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSource$CameraPreviewCallback
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSource$FrameProcessingRunnable
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSource$SizePair
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/preference/SettingsActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.preference.SettingsActivity
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.preference.SettingsActivity$LaunchSource
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/SmoothAngles.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.SmoothAngles
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/CameraSourcePreview.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSourcePreview
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSourcePreview$1
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.CameraSourcePreview$SurfaceCallback
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/VisionProcessorBase.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.VisionProcessorBase
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.VisionProcessorBase$1
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.VisionProcessorBase$2
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/preference/PreferenceUtils.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.preference.PreferenceUtils
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.preference.PreferenceUtils$NonExistentClass
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/Data.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.Data
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/BitmapUtils.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.BitmapUtils
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.BuildConfig
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/PoseGraphic.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PoseGraphic
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/PoseAlignment.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PoseAlignment
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.GraphicOverlay
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/InferenceInfoGraphic.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.InferenceInfoGraphic
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/PoseGraphicForPushUp.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PoseGraphicForPushUp
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/posedetector/PoseDetectorProcessor.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PoseDetectorProcessor
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.posedetector.PoseDetectorProcessor$PoseWithClassification
com/google/mlkit/vision/demo/java/LivePreviewActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.LivePreviewActivity
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.LivePreviewActivity$1
 com.google.mlkit.vision.demo.java.LivePreviewActivity$2
